Implement recommendations from 5.0 audit Phase 1B (#4502)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/fifty-owls-retire.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': major
---

> `Address`: Removed the functions overloaded with a customized error message in favor of a custom error indicating the call has failed. This only applies if the underlying revert reason cannot be bubbled up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Address`: Removed the ability to customize error messages, a common custom error is always used if the underlying revert reason cannot be bubbled up.
```

Author: Fixed along with 316c30c
